SOMA LEARNING SYSTEM
With the new curriculum of education (CBC) in Kenya, Every Kenyan Schools Opt to have a system that helps improve its education system as we are moving towards the technological error. A system which not only keeps students records but can be used to set learners examinations. 
The system’s objective is to keep track of schools’ staff, students and the examinations set, in a digital manner eliminating the manual method of keeping track of Learning institutions records. With such a system in place the government together with the different schools in Kenya are able to keep a close follow up on the learners and their performance
The proposed system is a web application, having been made by the use of HTML and CSS acting as the Markup Language and presentation Layout respectively. JavaScript, SQL and PHP are the programming languages used. JavaScript has been used as a client-side language in Conjunction to ES6 at the browser. SQL language has been used to communicate with the Database, as it is the language used in creating the Database. Database used is MySQL database within the Maria DB server. PHP language has been used as a server-side language communication directly with the Database through the SQL language. Xampp being an open source has been used as a cross-platform web server solution from Apache HTTP Server, supporting the program to run under different operating systems. Once Operational the program will be able to run under different operating systems (windows, AndroidOS, ChromeOS, Linux and MacOS) within the browsers as Xampp is a cross-platform development environment within the web. During the development process I will be using Windows 10 Operating System Version 21H2.
